Provide a planar screen as an optional assumption for handling off-disk helioprojective coordinates (#7115)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7115.feature.rst

> Added `~sunpy.coordinates.PlanarScreen` for realizing 3D versions of coordinates in a Helioprojective frame.

Author: ```suggestion
Added `~sunpy.coordinates.PlanarScreen` for interpreting 2D `~sunpy.coordinates.Helioprojective` coordinates as being on the inside of a planar screen.
```
